minor edits and front-running discussion (#4)
nikojpapa/EIPs: EIPS/eip-X.md

This also has a trust factor, albeit very small. It requires that at least one person in the party is honest.

### Front running and censorship

> Commitments have one day to reveal. It is largely infeasible to censor an economically viable transaction for such a period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One day is required before one can reveal a commitment. It is largely infeasible to censor an economically viable transaction for such a period of time.
```
